crazy time mr. squid the big time must
be here thank you very much
I'm in a relationship if you couples
into neither who say of us get cracking
straight anybody go three minutes
remember all the treaty art that you
girlfriend tells you about himself
sorry once a trivia by the way I mean
farming all the information that she
tells about herself sometimes years
before because eventually you get tested
got the blues
I wasn't listening so for easy TV oh my
god oh those bunnies go right there
father God we have a massive bribe
before I came out and our arguments uza
with one of us comes out of the room you
know when almost all macaroon the
argument isn't quite over yeah a little
bit of unfinished business what needs to
be taken care because if she sold
everything to be honest with you I'm
just let there thinking that she's
Spanish as I say Spanish I learned
Spanish at the moment not easy learning
a new language I'll be its paid my
otherwise some of the question yeah so
my brain will be running around inside
my head trying to find the right words
you know all together in some rough
symptoms like these where does the
station of training
and they follow make an answer in Spain
anyway later just like that it was not
good we speak to a non English speaking
person will slow down a bit you want
dream stage but I do on my little minds
but they don't slow down so they get too
awesome can you slow down right that's I
think that that really annoying thing
they answer again but this time in
perfect English because I'm not we cook
at the university right and then on the
left you will see a building in the
vernacular Baroque style which is
causing figurines on the facades it's a
little austere an ostentatious for my
then you carry on man the fucking toad
though for not animated until you see
man WBC biosphere as you say Station
update